fix broken link (#336)
JuliaDynamics/DrWatson.jl: docs/src/real_world.md

```
Now, every time I run this code block the function tests automatically whether the file exists. Only if it does not, then the code is run while the new result is saved to ensure I won't have to run it again.

> The extra step is that I have to extract the useful data I need from the container `file`. Thankfully the `@unpack` macro from [Parameters.jl](https://mauro3.github.io/Parameters.jl/stable/manual/) makes this super easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extra step is that I have to extract the useful data I need from the container `file`. Thankfully the `@unpack` macro from [UnPack.jl](https://github.com/mauro3/UnPack.jl) makes this super easy.
```
